chore/ OS-704 Add security contact to the readme(s) (#470)
aragon/osx: packages/subgraph/README.md

yarn start:dev
```

> When there's changes in the contract's package, run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there are changes in the contract's package, run
```
